src/flutter/recommended-packages.md, before:

# Recommended Packages

| Package                                                      | Purpose                                                     | Latest Version                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [animations](https://pub.dev/packages/animations)            | Beautiful pre-built Material animations/transitions         | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/animations)      |
| [dio](https://pub.dev/packages/dio)                          | HTTP Requests                                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dio)             |
| [http_mock_adapter](https://pub.dev/packages/http_mock_adapter) | Easily mock HTTP requests in tests                          | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/http_mock_adapter) |
| [retrofit](https://pub.dev/packages/retrofit)                | Auto-generate HTTP request code for Dio.                    | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/retrofit)        |
| [oauth_dio](https://pub.dev/packages/oauth_dio)              | Easy OAuth 2.0 implementation                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/oauth_dio)       |
| [freezed](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed)                  | Data classes and sealed unions                              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/freezed)         |
| [flutter_riverpod](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_riverpod) | Preferred dependency injection and state management package | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_riverpod) |
| [flutter_secure_storage](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_secure_storage) | Save encrypted key-value pairs                              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_secure_storage) |
| [clock](https://pub.dev/packages/clock)                      | Make `DateTime` testable!                                   | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/clock)           |
| [jiffy](https://pub.dev/packages/jiffy)                      | Powerful `DateTime` utilities                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/jiffy)           |
| [dartx](https://pub.dev/packages/dartx)                      | Collection of useful static extension methods.              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dartx)           |
| [timeago](https://pub.dev/packages/timeago)                  | Create relative time strings (e.g. 2 minutes ago)           | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/timeago)         |
| [dartz](https://pub.dev/packages/dartz)                      | Functional programming in Dart                              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dartz)           |
| [mocktail](https://pub.dev/packages/mocktail)                | Mocking framework for testing                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/mocktail)        |
| [modal_bottom_sheet](https://pub.dev/packages/modal_bottom_sheet) | Platform-adaptive modal bottom sheets                       | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/modal_bottom_sheet) |
| [netsells_flutter_analysis](https://pub.dev/packages/netsells_flutter_analysis) | Netsells lint rules                                         | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/netsells_flutter_analysis) |
| [go_router](https://pub.dev/packages/go_router)              | Preferred navigation and routing package                    | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/go_router)       |

Commit message:

Add riverpod_oauth_dio to recommended Flutter packages

src/flutter/recommended-packages.md, after:

# Recommended Packages

| Package                                                      | Purpose                                                     | Latest Version                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [animations](https://pub.dev/packages/animations)            | Beautiful pre-built Material animations/transitions         | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/animations)      |
| [dio](https://pub.dev/packages/dio)                          | HTTP Requests                                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dio)             |
| [riverpod_oauth_dio](https://pub.dev/packages/riverpod_oauth_dio) | Oven-ready OAuth 2 for Dio and Riverpod                     | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/riverpod_oauth_dio) |
| [http_mock_adapter](https://pub.dev/packages/http_mock_adapter) | Easily mock HTTP requests in tests                          | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/http_mock_adapter) |
| [retrofit](https://pub.dev/packages/retrofit)                | Auto-generate HTTP request code for Dio.                    | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/retrofit)        |
| [oauth_dio](https://pub.dev/packages/oauth_dio)              | Easy OAuth 2.0 implementation                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/oauth_dio)       |
| [freezed](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed)                  | Data classes and sealed unions                              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/freezed)         |
| [flutter_riverpod](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_riverpod) | Preferred dependency injection and state management package | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_riverpod) |
| [flutter_secure_storage](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_secure_storage) | Save encrypted key-value pairs                              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_secure_storage) |
| [clock](https://pub.dev/packages/clock)                      | Make `DateTime` testable!                                   | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/clock)           |
| [jiffy](https://pub.dev/packages/jiffy)                      | Powerful `DateTime` utilities                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/jiffy)           |
| [dartx](https://pub.dev/packages/dartx)                      | Collection of useful static extension methods.              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dartx)           |
| [timeago](https://pub.dev/packages/timeago)                  | Create relative time strings (e.g. 2 minutes ago)           | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/timeago)         |
| [dartz](https://pub.dev/packages/dartz)                      | Functional programming in Dart                              | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dartz)           |
| [mocktail](https://pub.dev/packages/mocktail)                | Mocking framework for testing                               | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/mocktail)        |
| [modal_bottom_sheet](https://pub.dev/packages/modal_bottom_sheet) | Platform-adaptive modal bottom sheets                       | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/modal_bottom_sheet) |
| [netsells_flutter_analysis](https://pub.dev/packages/netsells_flutter_analysis) | Netsells lint rules                                         | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/netsells_flutter_analysis) |
| [go_router](https://pub.dev/packages/go_router)              | Preferred navigation and routing package                    | ![Pub Version](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/go_router)       |
